README.md, before:

Olá, meu nome é Danilo Santos. Nessa apresentação, você encontrará a descrição geral dos projetos acadêmicos ou próprios relacionados a Ciência de Dados.

- 📫 Você pode entrar em contato comigo através das seguintes redes: [E-mail] danilosantosvieir2@gmail.com ou via [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danilo-santos-21a6421b0/)

Quer conhecer um pouco os projetos que desenvolvi e em quais temas? 

- Modelo de IA para classificação de presença de ligação química do Európio com Oxigênio e/ou Nitrogênio.

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/ChemicalBond_classification

- Modelo de IA para Concessão de Crédito - Desafio 1 Maratona Behind The Code

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/Maratona_BehindTheCode

- Criando Nuvem de Palavras para modelos de currículo

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/CloudWords_Curriculum

- Prevendo preço das ações da CVCB3

[Em desenvolvimento]

- Análise de Sentimentos em posts do Twitter e Processamento de Linguagem Natural 

[Em desenvolvimento]

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/Twitter_SentimentAnalysis


![Danilo GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Danilosvsv&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

<!--
**Danilosvsv/Danilosvsv** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with english description

README.md, after:

Hello, my name is Danilo Santos. In this presentation, you will find a general description of the academic or own projects related to Data Science.

- 📫 You can contact me through the following networks: [E-mail] danilosantosvieir2@gmail.com ou via [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danilo-santos-21a6421b0/)

Do you want to know a little about the projects you develop and on which themes?

- Classification model for the presence of a chemical bond between Europium and Oxygen and/or Nitrogen (Graduation course completion work).

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/ChemicalBond_classification

- AI Model for Credit Granting - Challenge 1 Behind The Code Marathon

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/Maratona_BehindTheCode

- Creating Word Cloud for CV Templates

https://github.com/Danilosvsv/CloudWords_Curriculum


![Danilo GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Danilosvsv&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

<!--
**Danilosvsv/Danilosvsv** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
